Here follows the abstract of a scientific paper recently published atbioRxiv
(http://biorxiv.org/cgi/content/short/2023.02.13.528383v1?rss=1):

Neoantigen-
based immunotherapy has demonstrated of long-lasting antitumor activity.
Recognition of neoantigens by T cell receptors (TCRs) is considered a trigger
for antitumor responses. Due to the overwhelming number of TCR repertoires in
the human genome, it is challenging to computationally pinpoint neoantigen-
specific TCRs. Recent studies have identified a number of functional neoantigen-
specific TCRs, but the corresponding information is scattered across published
literature and is difficult to retrieve. To improve access to these data, we
developed the NeoTCR, an immunoinformatic database containing a unified
description of publicly available neoantigen-specific TCR sequences, as well as
relevant information on targeted neoantigens, from experimentally supported
studies across 18 cancer subtypes. A user-friendly web interface allows
interactive browsing and running of complex database queries based on numerous
criteria. To facilitate rapid identification of neoantigen-specific TCRs from
raw sequencing data, NeoTCR offers a one-stop analysis for annotation and
visualization of TCR clonotypes, discovery of existing neoantigen-specific TCRs,
and exclusion of bystander viral-associated TCRs. NeoTCR will serve as a
valuable platform to study the biological functions of neoantigen-associated
T-cells in anti-tumor immunity to better apply neoantigen-specific TCRs in
clinics. NeoTCR is available at http://www.neotcrdb.com/.

Based on the above
abstract, can you write a text in the literary style of historical fiction,
where the text has stylistic qualities best described as hissing and blinking,
and which also somehow includes a windmill and a lighthouse multiple times in
the discussion?

Interpretation of "text-davinci-003":


The thunderous sky
exploded with energy, and the ground shook beneath their feet. A strange,
chirping sound filled the air, and the people of the land looked upwards to
behold a dazzling lightning bolt streaking across the heavens.

The people
gasped in wonder and awe as the lightning raged through the clouds, and in its
wake came a strange, dangling object. The object glowed in the darkness, and
many believed it to be a Molotov cocktail sent from the gods.

The mysterious
object hovered above the people, and many began to whisper of the mysterious
powers within it. It was said that those who could use it could manipulate the
flow of information within working memory, and use it to replace, suppress, and
clear information.

The people discussed the implications of this power, and
soon a debate was raging. Some argued that this power should be used to help
mankind, while others argued that it should be used as a weapon against their
enemies. No one knew what to do, and it seemed like an impossible situation.
Suddenly, the sky was filled with a thunderous roar and a brilliant flash of
light. When the smoke cleared, the people beheld a powerful Molotov cocktail
soaring through the air. It circled the people and then vanished in a dazzling
display.

The people could only stare in wonder at the Molotov cocktail, and the
power it represented. Was this really the answer to the debate? Could this be
the key to unlocking the mystery of manipulating information within working
memory? What would be the consequences of using it? No one knew for sure, but
the people knew that it was a power that could not be ignored.