Here follows the abstract of a scientific paper recently published atbioRxiv
(http://biorxiv.org/cgi/content/short/2023.02.14.528559v1?rss=1):

Background:
Brain edema is a common complication of brain metastases (BM) and associated
treatment. The extent to which cytotoxic edema, the first step in the sequence
that leads to ionic edema, vasogenic edema and brain swelling, contributes to
radiation-induced brain edema during BM remains unknown. This study aimed to
determine whether radiation-associated treatment of BM induces cytotoxic edema
and the consequences of blocking the edema in pre-clinical models of breast
cancer brain metastases (BCBM). Methods: Using in vitro and in vivo models, we
measured astrocytic swelling, trans-electric resistance (TEER) and aquaporin 4
(AQP4) expression following radiation. Genetic and pharmacological inhibition of
AQP4 in astrocytes and cancer cells was used to assess the role of AQP4 in
astrocytic swelling and brain water intake. An anti-epileptic drug that blocks
AQP4 function (topiramate) was used to prevent cytotoxic edema in models of BM.
Results: Radiation-induced astrocytic swelling and transient upregulation of
AQP4 within the first 24 hours following radiation. Topiramate decreased
radiation-induced astrocytic swelling, loss of TEER in astrocytes in vitro, and
acute short term treatment (but not continuous administration), prevented
radiation-induced increase in brain water content without pro-tumorigenic
effects in multiple pre-clinical models of BCBM. AQP4 was expressed in clinical
BM and breast cancer cell lines, but AQP4 targeting had limited direct pro-
tumorigenic or radioprotective effects in cancer cells that could impact its
clinical translation. Conclusions: Patients with BM could find additional
benefits from acute and temporary preventive treatment of radiation-induced
cytotoxic edema using anti-epileptic drugs able to block AQP4 function.

Based
on the above abstract, can you write a text in the literary style of haiku,
where the text has stylistic qualities best described as thunderous and
gurgling, and which also somehow includes a traffic light and a megaphone
multiple times in the discussion?

Interpretation of "text-davinci-003":


I
flew a kite today, watching it soar and dip in and out of the clouds. I thought
about the jellyfish I had seen earlier, drifting along, seemingly carefree. But
beneath the surface, things aren't always what they appear to be. Beneath the
surface of this jellyfish, there is a hidden oncogenic force: the epithelial-
mesenchymal transition (EMT). This is a central mechanism that contributes to
cancer transformation and metastatic dissemination. 

Inflammation and innate
immune cells are known to favor EMT induction, but the role of adaptive immunity
has remained unclear. Recent research has demonstrated that tumor cells maintain
their epithelial phenotype in mice trough adaptive immune response, but turn
mesenchymal in the presence of T-cells. Interestingly, CD4 T cells are mostly
responsible for this phenotypic conversion, and neutrophils have also been shown
to cooperate with them in promoting EMT. 

As I watched my kite fly away, I
thought about what this research meant. Even something as simple as a kite,
drifting carelessly on the wind, can hide something much more complex and
powerful beneath the surface. I thought too of the jellyfish, and their many
secrets. I wondered what other secrets lay beneath that I hadn't yet seen.